chore: Add initial templates for new issues and pull requests (#1413)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Thanks for taking the time to contribute to DVT!

Please ensure that your pull request title matches the conventional commits
specification: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#conventional-commits
-->

## Description of changes
_Write a description of the changes you have made in this PR. Extremely small changes such as fixing typos do not need a description._

## Issues to be closed
_Note: Before submitting a pull request, please open an issue for discussion if you are not associated with Google._

Closes #ISSUE_NUMBER

<!--
For example, if your pull requests resolves issues 1000 and 2000 write:
* Closes #1000
* Closes #2000
-->

## Checklist
- [ ] I have followed the [`CONTRIBUTING` Guide](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas

> - [ ] I have successfully run the E2E tests, and have included the outcomes in the PR comments

Reviewer: I feel like some people (especially external contributors) use PRs as a way of running the tests.. so maybe that shouldn't be a checklist item.

> - [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works

Reviewer: Only if tests are required
```suggestion
- [ ] I have added unit and integration tests relevant to my change as needed
```

> - [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes (suggestion: use the `tests/local_check.sh` script)

Reviewer: I think we can remove this since the bullet above should imply the tests work 😅

Closes #ISSUE_NUMBER

<!--
For example, if your pull requests resolves multiple issues, such as 1000 and 2000 write:
* Closes #1000
* Closes #2000
-->

## Checklists

#### Both external and internal contributors
- [ ] I have followed the [`CONTRIBUTING` Guide](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have added unit and/or integration tests relevant to my change as needed
- [ ] I have updated any relevant documentation to reflect my changes, if applicable

#### Internal contributors only

> - [ ] I already checked locally that all unit tests and linting are passing (use the `tests/local_check.sh` script)

Reviewer: External contributors should locally check unit tests pass + run unit testing on their own DB. I don't think we should have different lists for internal vs external - we should just merge this into one list for everyone
